All right here we go for the next step of dating this course which I remind is still part of the general
framework because when building and they are you always have some scores that you're trying to get higher
and higher.
And for specific case study Well the scores are going to be the total energy spent by the AI over the
iterations.
And of course we'll compare that score to the other score which is actually our benchmark which is a
all and we spent by the servers integrated cooling system which is an unintelligent system always bringing
back the temperature of the server to the closest balance optimal range.
And so of course we're hoping that our I will spend less energy than this alternative system at the
end of a one year simulation which will do in the testing I fell at the end of this whole implementation.
So let's do this let's They discours it's actually a very easy step for specific cases because what
we just want to do here is actually to update the total energy spent by the AI in our first simulation
where we have the AI and the total energy spent by the service integrated cooling system in that separate
simulation where we have no AI.
And since we actually already have the energy spent by the AI and also right here the energy spent by
the service integrated cooling system.
When we have no AI Well that's going to be direct.
We will update the still energy spent in these two separate simulations by incrementing their energy
spent at that specific iteration.
We're dealing with right now.
So let's do this and we're going to start by what we're mostly interested in the total energy spent
by the AI or for a simulation when the AI is connected to the server.
And so right here I'm getting it because I want to update it by incrementing it by that energy spent
by the AI right.
Remember the energy spent by the AI is an argument of the update on function because we are updating
the environment.
Right now we're still updating the environment at a specific iteration right after the eye plays an
action and spend some energy which is this energy here.
That's why you already have it and that's why we can pretty simply and directly they total energy spend.
I just like that.
All right and then Same for the other simulation.
That is when we have no AI.
So we're going to get this other variable which is that all energy spent by the service cooling system
when we have no AI and we're going to increment that by of course the energy spent by this or is integrated
cooling system when we have no AI at that specific iteration.
When we have the environment with the update on function.
All right and that's it.
We just updated the score.
There was a quick and easy step which is good sometimes when you're going something like this whole
environment.
All right.
So that means that we are ready to move on to the next step which will be about scaling the next date.
And let's remind why we have to scale the next date.
That's because the next date which is date is going to be the input of our brain our artificial brain
which will be a deep neural network and whenever we deal with neural networks we should always kill
the states we should always normalize the inputs right.
So that's what we're going to do in this next step.
We're going to normalize each of the three elements of our state.
Therefore our next date which I remind our first the temperature of the Saroo when we had the AI because
of course that's an input of our AI which is nothing else than this artificial brain.
Then the second element is the number of users at any time t.
And the third element is the rate of data transmission at any time.
So we're going to scale each of them and then we'll make a new vector of these three scaled elements.
So that is vector is a skilled input state ready to go into our artificial brain.
So let's do that in the next tutorial and then enjoy AI.